Command-C Extensions for PopClip

Copyright(c), 2014 - Leon Nisenfeld

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this 
software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software 
without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, 
publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons
to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or
substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE 
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR 
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER 
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


=========================
Installation Instructions
=========================

Since Command-C can support multiple iOS devices and I have no way of knowing what your
devices are (although, I could ask the NSA ...), I've provided multiple versions of the
extension. Here's how to figure out which to use:

Whichever device is listed first in the Command-C list is Device 0, the next device is
Device 1. I bet you know how to figure it out from there. 

Choose the file that matches whichever iOS device you have as Device 0 and Device 1 (if
you have more than one device). So, if your iPhone is listed first, use the CMD-C to
iPhone as Device 0.popclipext file.

Double click the file to load it. PopClip will install it and show the menu. (Note, this
extension has not yet been signed by Pilot Moon software. So, when you try to load the
extension, you'll get a message indicating it is not signed and asking you to confirm
it's okay to load. Trust me, it's okay. I'll be submitting this to Pilot Moon for 
signing soon.)

Once the extension(s) are loaded, they're easy to use. Make sure you have the Command-C 
app running on your device (or you've run it recently so it's still running in the 
background). Select text on your Mac. The PopClip menu should show up and you'll see
options to send to your iOS device. They'll show up as ->iPad and ->iPhone.

If you have more than two iOS devices, it's fairly easy to update the extension code to
make it work. Just send me $500 and I'll do it for you. Sound unreasonable? Well, if you
can afford more than two iOS devices, you can afford to pay me. If you're really too 
cheap for that...

Right click on the .popclipext file and choose Show Package Contents. Open the 
.applescript file. You'll see the Command-C URL. In that you'll see 'deviceIndex'. Just 
change the number to what matches where your device is in the list. Just remember that 
the numbering starts at zero. If you also want to change the name that shows up on the 
PopClip menu, open the config.plist file inside the extension. Under the Actions key,
you'll see the AppleScript filename key. Under that is the Title key. Change the title 
there.

Enjoy!